c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\bin\Debug\TVPProjekat.exe.config
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\bin\Debug\TVPProjekat.exe
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\bin\Debug\TVPProjekat.pdb
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.exe
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.pdb
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.LogInForm.resources
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.52.dll
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\bin\Debug\TVPProjekat.mdf
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\bin\Debug\TVPProjekat_log.ldf
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.Form3.resources
C:\Users\ABC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.Vlasnici.resources
C:\Users\ABC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.StrujomerUCcs.resources
C:\Users\ABC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.RadnikForma.resources
C:\Users\ABC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.CeneUC.resources
C:\Users\ABC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\bin\Debug\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\ABC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\ABC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.StanjaStrujomera.resources
C:\Users\ABC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TVPProjekat\TVPProjekat\obj\Debug\TVPProjekat.StanjaNisuUneta.resources
